The key points we mentioned from our Spring MVC app were
that it's all configured through Java.
There's actually no XML in our app.
There's not even a web.xml in our application.
It's launched through the AppConfig, or our conference
ApplicationConfig.java file, and everything is annotation‑driven, our
requests from our web app to how we've configured our Spring tiers.
And lastly,
our application.properties contains all the pertinent information that we'll
add to connect to our database, any pooling information,
that type of stuff, will all be handled.
So those are the four main files that we're going to focus on for a lot of this class.